#911 migration doc in need of clarification (#1193)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/backup-restore-and-disaster-recovery/migrate-rancher-to-new-cluster.md

     The above assumes an environment with outbound connectivity to Docker Hub.

>      For an **air-gapped environment**, set a `$REGISTRY` variable to point to the path to your registry. Then, use the following Helm value to pull the `backup-restore-operator` image from your private registry when you install the rancher-backup Helm chart.
> 
>      ```bash
>      --set image.repository $REGISTRY/rancher/backup-restore-operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     For an **air-gapped environment**, use the following `image.repository` Helm value to pull the `backup-restore-operator` image from your private registry when you install the rancher-backup Helm chart. Replace `<registry>` with  your registry URL.

     ```bash
     --set image.repository <registry>/rancher/backup-restore-operator
```

I'm thinking `$REGISTRY` in the original example command was intended to be a placeholder and not an actual variable? There's only a single occurrence on this page so using a variable adds extra steps to do the same thing. If we want to keep it a variable though, then the example should be like what line 43 did and have

```
REGISTRY=<registry>
```

Author: Probably just simpler to use `<registry>`
